#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
% general
\usepackage[titletoc]{appendix}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{placeins}
\usepackage{tikz}

% algorithm
\usepackage[ruled,vlined,linesnumbered]{algorithm2e}
\IncMargin{2.5cm}
\DecMargin{2cm}
\usepackage{fullwidth}
\usepackage{enumitem}
\setlist{leftmargin=1.7cm}

% tables
\usepackage{tabularx, siunitx, multirow, booktabs}
\begingroup
% Allow `_` and `:` in macro names (LaTeX3 style)
\catcode`\_=11
\catcode`\:=11
% Internal code of `S`
\gdef\tabularxcolumn#1{%
    >{\__siunitx_table_collect_begin:Nn S{} }%
    p{#1}%  <- this is different (is `c` in normal `S`)
    <{\__siunitx_table_print:}%
}
\endgroup

% figures
\usepackage{subfig}
\usepackage{caption}
\captionsetup[subfloat]{position=top}

% footnotes
\setlength{\skip\footins}{1cm}
\usepackage[hang,splitrule]{footmisc}
\setlength{\footnotemargin}{0.3cm} %.5
\setlength{\footnotesep}{0.4cm}

% code
\usepackage{xcolor}
\usepackage{listings}

\definecolor{codegray}{rgb}{0.5,0.5,0.5}
\definecolor{background}{HTML}{F5F5F5}
\definecolor{keyword}{HTML}{4B69C6}
\definecolor{string}{HTML}{448C27}
\definecolor{comment}{HTML}{448C27}

\usepackage{inconsolata}
\lstdefinestyle{mystyle}{
    commentstyle=\color{comment},
    keywordstyle=\color{keyword},
    stringstyle=\color{string},
    basicstyle=\ttfamily,
    breakatwhitespace=false,         
    breaklines=true,                 
    captionpos=b,                    
    keepspaces=true,                                    
    numbersep=5pt,                  
    showspaces=false,                
    showstringspaces=false,
    showtabs=false,
    tabsize=4,
	showlines=true
}

\lstset{style=mystyle}

% manual
\usepackage{enumitem}
\setlist[enumerate]{leftmargin=1cm}
\setlist[itemize]{leftmargin=0.5cm}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "palatino" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures false
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.7cm
\topmargin 1cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2.7cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip smallskip
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style danish
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle empty
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title

\shape smallcaps
\size largest
Assignment III: Your Model
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
vspace{-3mm}
\backslash
thispagestyle{empty}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\series bold
Vision: 
\series default
This project teaches you to construct a heterogeneous agent model and use
 it to analyze an economic question.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Tasks:
\series default
 Your answer must contain
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
A self-contained verbal and mathematical description of a heterogeneous
 agent model of your choice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
A detailed step-by-step description of how you would use the model to answer
 an economic question of your choice.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The model can be an extension of a model you have seen in the course (e.g.
 in an assignment) or elsewhere.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The good answer provides a clear exposition of the model and the proposed
 analysis as well as a creative application of the tools learned in the
 course.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Hand-in: 
\series default
Upload a single pdf-file on Absalon (and nothing else).
 Maximum of 5 pages.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Deadline (hand-in):
\series default
 10th of December 2024
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Deadline (peer feedback):
\series default
 17th of December 2024
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\series bold
Exam: 
\series default
Your Assignment III will be a part of your exam portfolio.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

You can incorporate feedback before handing in the final version.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\emph on
Note: Peer-feedback is a mandatory part of the assignment.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
